README.md, before:

# 🐝 WaspBot

Welcome to the official landing page for **WaspBot**, an open-source initiative to create high‑performance, framework‑agnostic ports of [Hummingbot] (https://github.com/hummingbot/hummingbot) in modern programming languages. Our goal is to provide maintainable, modular, and production‑ready algorithmic trading libraries for multiple ecosystems.

For more details about WaspBot, including its features, capabilities, and documentation, visit the [main WaspBot org](https://github.com/WaspBot).

## Features

- **Responsive Design**: Optimized for all devices, ensuring a great experience on desktop, tablet, and mobile.
- **Fast Performance**: Built with Next.js for optimal loading speeds and SEO.
- **Modern UI**: Clean, professional interface using the latest web standards.
- **TypeScript Support**: Fully typed codebase for better development experience and reliability.

## Technologies Used

- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) - React framework for production
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org) - Typed JavaScript
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com) - Utility-first CSS framework
- [PostCSS](https://postcss.org) - CSS processing tool

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (version 18 or higher)
- pnpm

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/WaspBot/waspbot.xyz.git
   cd waspbot.xyz
   ```

2. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   pnpm install
   ```

3. Run the development server:

   ```bash
   pnpm dev
   ```

4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser to view the landing page.

## Project Structure

```
src/
├── app/
│   ├── favicon.ico
│   ├── globals.css
│   ├── layout.tsx
│   └── page.tsx
public/
├── file.svg
├── globe.svg
├── next.svg
├── vercel.svg
└── window.svg
```

## Contributing

We welcome contributions! Please see the [main WaspBot repository](https://github.com/WaspBot) for contribution guidelines.

## License

This project is part of WaspBot. Please refer to the [main repository](https://github.com/WaspBot) for licensing information.

Commit message:

feat: add contributing guide and update README to link to it (#13)

README.md, after:

# 🐝 WaspBot

Welcome to the official landing page for **WaspBot**, an open-source initiative to create high‑performance, framework‑agnostic ports of [Hummingbot] (https://github.com/hummingbot/hummingbot) in modern programming languages. Our goal is to provide maintainable, modular, and production‑ready algorithmic trading libraries for multiple ecosystems.

For more details about WaspBot, including its features, capabilities, and documentation, visit the [main WaspBot org](https://github.com/WaspBot).

## Features

- **Responsive Design**: Optimized for all devices, ensuring a great experience on desktop, tablet, and mobile.
- **Fast Performance**: Built with Next.js for optimal loading speeds and SEO.
- **Modern UI**: Clean, professional interface using the latest web standards.
- **TypeScript Support**: Fully typed codebase for better development experience and reliability.

## Technologies Used

- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) - React framework for production
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org) - Typed JavaScript
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com) - Utility-first CSS framework
- [PostCSS](https://postcss.org) - CSS processing tool

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (version 18 or higher)
- pnpm

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/WaspBot/waspbot.xyz.git
   cd waspbot.xyz
   ```

2. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   pnpm install
   ```

3. Run the development server:

   ```bash
   pnpm dev
   ```

4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser to view the landing page.

## Project Structure

```
src/
├── app/
│   ├── favicon.ico
│   ├── globals.css
│   ├── layout.tsx
│   └── page.tsx
public/
├── file.svg
├── globe.svg
├── next.svg
├── vercel.svg
└── window.svg
```

## Contributing

We welcome contributions! Please see our [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) for detailed information on how to get started.

## License

This project is part of WaspBot. Please refer to the [main repository](https://github.com/WaspBot) for licensing information.
